Update getting started tour for binder (#20)
elyra-ai/examples: binder/getting-started/getting_started.md

-->
# Elyra quickstart

> This short interactive quickstart provides an introduction to Elyra - aset of AI centric extensions for JupyterLab. Note that this tour does not include features requiring software that is not bundled with Elyra or JupyterLab, such as Kubeflow Pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This short interactive quickstart provides an introduction to Elyra - a set of AI centric extensions for JupyterLab. Note that this tour does not include features requiring software that is not bundled with Elyra or JupyterLab, such as Kubeflow Pipelines.
```
